Feature: Road waypoints (#12572)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_BUILD_AUTOTRAM                         :{BLACK}Build tramway section using the Autotram mode. Ctrl+Click to remove tramway section. Also press Shift to show cost estimate only
STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_BUILD_ROAD_VEHICLE_DEPOT               :{BLACK}Build road vehicle depot (for buying and servicing vehicles). Also press Shift to show cost estimate only
STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_BUILD_TRAM_VEHICLE_DEPOT               :{BLACK}Build tram vehicle depot (for buying and servicing vehicles). Also press Shift to show cost estimate only
STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_CONVERT_ROAD_TO_WAYPOINT               :{BLACK}Convert road to waypoint. Ctrl enables joining waypoints. Shift toggles building/showing cost estimate

> STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_CONVERT_TRAM_TO_WAYPOINT               :{BLACK}Convert tram to waypoint. Ctrl enables joining waypoints. Shift toggles building/showing cost estimate

Reviewer: I rewrote the equivalent strings for rail waypoints recently. 🙂 

```suggestion
STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_CONVERT_ROAD_TO_WAYPOINT               :{BLACK}Build waypoint on road. Ctrl+Click to select another waypoint to join. Also press Shift to show cost estimate only
STR_ROAD_TOOLBAR_TOOLTIP_CONVERT_TRAM_TO_WAYPOINT               :{BLACK}Build waypoint on tramway. Ctrl+Click to select another waypoint to join. Also press Shift to show cost estimate only
```
